0.10.5 - release notes (#2953)
scalameta/metals: website/blog/2021-08-14-tungsten.md

- [Scala 3] `Inferred Type` code action and other improvements
- Better support of scalafmt for Scala 3 projects
- Search symbol references from dependency source in the workspace

## Add support for `textDocument/selectionRange`

Due to the great work by [@ckipp01](https://github.com/ckipp01) Metals now implements the `textDocument/selectionRange` [LSP-method](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/specifications/specification-current/#textDocument_selectionRange).
It allows you to easily select an expression and expand/shrink it using shortcut combinations:

![gif1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13974112/125335989-7a5f8780-e34d-11eb-911f-42f851478737.gif)

Default keybindings in VSCode:

<table>
  <tbody style={{"font-size": "13px"}}>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Win/Linux</td>
    <td>macOS</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Expand</td>
    <td>Shift+Alt+Right</td>
    <td>⌃⇧⌘→</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Shrink</td>
    <td>Shift+Alt+Left</td>
    <td>⌃⇧⌘←</td>
  </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## [Scala3] `Inferred Type` code action and other improvements

We're hard at work ensuring that the same feature-set for Scala 2 is available for Scala 3.

> This release adds Inferred Type code action support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds support for the `Insert Inferred Type` code action.
```

![gif2](https://i.imgur.com/GJGFOOy.gif)

In addition to other small fixes, it's worth mentioning that the `Go to Definition` functionality was improved so that in situations where there are compilation issues, you're now able to better navigate to the definition site.

> Previously, it worked improperly in case if there were compile errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, it worked improperly in situations where there were compile errors.
```

Author: hmm. I'll just remove this sentence as it repeats the same thing

Reviewer: AH yea I didn't even notice that. Yea I'd just remove it.

## Better support of scalafmt for Scala 3 projects

In order to support different Scala dialects scalafmt added a [`runner.dialect` setting](https://scalameta.org/scalafmt/docs/configuration.html#scala-3) to support Scala 3.

> Metals will now correctly generate and even automatically upgrade `.scalafmt.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metals will now correctly generate and even automatically upgrade your `.scalafmt.conf`.
```
